tapes are up there off for the Stan
James comm international hurdle grade
two and one called Chhabra in the hands
of Ryan Tracy will go on towards the
first of eight flights here in this
fascinating renewal Sark and and they
pink jacket and rock on Ruby on his
outside took that in third grant away in
fourth place and then behind these mad
moose Red River man and last of all the
white cap of Mandela theater they're
settling down now and racing between the
first and second flights and that one
called chaperones not allowed any leeway
at all because our candor is going on
from rock on Ruby and one cool Chhabra
tracked by ground away in the green
colors followed then by mad moose Red
River man and Malena theater in last
place they cut me up towards the second
flight one cool chaperone apart from the
main group touchdown
narrowly in front possibly from Czar
kandar and rock on ruby with grand away
in closer tenants in fourth place a gap
of two or three lakes then to Red River
man and mad moose on the inside a banana
theater in the white cap is keeping tabs
on that three as well as they head up
the hill and turned left handed one cool
Chhabra saving ground all the way the
other big three a wider a few horses
with wide of them as ark and our rock on
ruby in the cross belts and grande away
and then the other three are two or
three lakes behind them mad moose in the
headgear the yellow cap then of Red
River man and Mennella theater last of
their main group but well bunched up the
field and they make their way down these
side of the course now on towards the
next flight
and czar Kanda showing in front here for
Ruby Walsh rock on Ruby going with him
however grant away two lengths away
restrained for Barry Garrity one called
Chhabra close-up as well then a break of
five lengths to mad moose as they get
ready now for the next flight over on
the far side so already the tactics are
pretty obvious here no hanging about in
spite of the testing conditions Sark and
AH and rock on Ruby former stable mates
now going at it with grandeur way on the
outside behind them on the inside of the
course one cool Chhabra saving ground
all the way then Red River man and mad
moose the two stable mates and the never
theater has dropped off the back nine
forget about him as they go towards the
third last a fight at the top of the
hill long way to go yet rock on Ruby and
Czar Kanda already committed to a bit of
a jewel here ground away held up behind
them last year's winner Barry Garrity
one called Chhabra on the inside all the
way saving ground so that was the third
last a long run before they get down
towards the second-last here in the Stan
James calm international hurdle bazaar
Kanda and rock on Ruby the champion
hurdler on the outsides are camber who
was fifth of the race last March has
already come back and won impressive in
twin canton there followed by last
year's winner of this race grand boo a
who races for the first time since then
and races close up in third place a
break of about five or six dates to the
others one called Chhabra red river man
together with mad moose in between
horses and Mennella theater whose tailed
off but they have really motoring down
towards the second-last Zarkana and the
pink jacket headed by rock on ruby who's
taken over his ark and our grant away
covering the moves and trapped me
sweetly on the steel there for Barry
Garrity indeed they're all traveling one
of the big three as they hurtle down
towards the home straight before they
turn towards the final flight rock on
Ruby on the outside of Zarkon down and
then grande away who's traveling very
sweetly behind in third they're
sprinting now as they race on up the
hill
rock on Ruby and Sark and are committing
early here grant leeway covering the
moves though back in fur they sweep well
clear of the others as they race on up
towards the final flight rock on Ruby's
arc and oh the pink jacket just in front
of rock on Ruby grant away to lakes away
back in third here's the fight off right
now Zarkon da touchdown in front from
rock on Ruby grant away now be produced
but it's dark and on Ruby Walsh her
finding plenty up they'll his ground
away though the story run off the inside
Zarkon dog crawled away his ark add the
holy ground away in the drive to the
line Sark and I was gonna bring out a
for nickels for Tiber and a treble Ruby
he went into national hurdles are Canada
Beach condo a Brokaw drew be tired back
in Thurber tram well then a bit of a gap
then - Matt moose Mennella theater
wonderful chaperone Red River man
another extraordinary Saturday afternoon
for the champion trainer for winners and
the two feature races to boot Bazaar
kandar wins the Stan James International
and wins it's with some emphasis
ultimately he was the first of the big
three off the bridle but as was
suggested by Paul Nicholls his superior
stamina came into play on the new course
which demands more their horses stamina
and he has had too much in reserve for
Grandia who's run a fine race on his
comeback on ground plenty soft enough
for him and rock on ruby who looked as
though he might well win between two out
in the last appears to have got tired up
the hill a compelling race and difficult
to suggest that any of the front three
have disappointed